feat(backend-python): add basic telestion library for python (#423)
wuespace/telestion: backend-python/README.md

# Telestion Python Backend

> This repository contains everything to build a working Telestion backend in Python.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This repository contains everything to build Telestion backend services in Python.
```

Additional examples help in setting everything up.

The Python backend is mainly added to allow for easier interfacing with many scientific libraries, such as numpy,
scipy, tensorflow or pytorch.

> Creating static graphs with Matplotlib that can be rendered in the frontend could also be created.

Reviewer 2: ~~~suggestion
# Telestion Service Framework for Python

[![DOI](https://zenodo.org/badge/DOI/10.5281/zenodo.10407142.svg)](https://doi.org/10.5281/zenodo.10407142)
![GitHub License](https://img.shields.io/github/license/wuespace/telestion)

This library provides a framework for building Telestion services in Python.

## Usage

```python
import asyncio
from telestion import start_service

async main():
    service = await start_service(nats_disabled=True)
    await service.publish('hello', lib.json_encode({'foo': 'bar'}))
    await service.close()

if __name__ == '__main__':
    asyncio.run(main())
```

TODO: Add short description of example code.

## Behavior Specification

The behavior of this library is specified in
the [Behavior Specification](https://docs.telestion.wuespace.de/Backend%20Development/service-behavior/).
This specification is also used to test the library.
The source code of the tests can be found in the repository under `/backend-features`.

## License

This project is licensed under the terms of the [MIT license](LICENSE).
~~~

(adapted from Deno backend)
